{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue203;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/alberteins125370.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Albert Einstein}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Everyone knows what a curve is, until he has studied enough mathematics to become confused through the countless number of possible exceptions.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/f/felixklein215687.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Felix Klein}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 For scholars and laymen alike it is not philosophy but active experience in mathematics itself that can alone answer the question: What is mathematics?
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/r/richardcou395277.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Richard Courant}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 God exists since mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exists since we cannot prove it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/andreweil221706.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Andre Weil}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 How is an error possible in mathematics?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/h/henripoinc208103.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Henri Poincare}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I had changed from being a mathematician to a practicing scientist. I was increasingly embarassed that I could no longer follow some of the more modern branches of pure mathematics.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/j/johnpople370394.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 John Pople}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 I hope that seeing the excitement of solving this problem will make young mathematicians realize that there are lots and lots of other problems in mathematics which are going to be just as challenging in the future.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/andrewwile230485.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Andrew Wiles}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I stayed away from mathematics not so much because I knew it would be hard work as because of the amount of time I knew it would take, hours spent in a field where I was not a natural.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/c/carlsandbu281350.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Carl Sandburg}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/f/francisbac101079.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Francis Bacon}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/g/galileogal381323.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Galileo Galilei}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 If mathematics is to be understood widely, we need to emphasise its elegance and its applications. Sometimes it seems that universities want to emphasise how difficult it is!
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/j/johnnyball211588.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Johnny Ball}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/v/vannevarbu125314.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Vannevar Bush}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/g/georgcanto212896.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Georg Cantor}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 It is hard to know what you are talking about in mathematics, yet no one questions the validity of what you say. There is no other realm of discourse half so queer.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/j/jamesnewma201661.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 James Newman}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/b/bertrandru402437.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Bertrand Russell}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 "Obvious" is the most dangerous word in mathematics.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/e/etbell170357.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 E. T. Bell}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/t/taharbenje373035.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Tahar Ben Jelloun}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/e/edsgerdijk204342.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Edsger Dijkstra}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/alberteins106697.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Albert Einstein}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The art of doing mathematics consists in finding that special case which contains all the germs of generality.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/d/davidhilbe181562.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 David Hilbert}}
\f0\b\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The definition of a good mathematical problem is the mathematics it generates rather than the problem itself.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/andrewwile230462.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Andrew Wiles}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The essence of mathematics lies in its freedom.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/g/georgcanto212898.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Georg Cantor}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The mistakes and unresolved difficulties of the past in mathematics have always been the opportunities of its future.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/e/etbell201496.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 E. T. Bell}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The most painful thing about mathematics is how far away you are from being able to use it after you have learned it.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/j/jamesnewma201666.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 James Newman}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The study of mathematics, like the Nile, begins in minuteness but ends in magnificence.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/c/charlescal385732.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Charles Caleb Colton}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Theory of Groups is a branch of mathematics in which one does something to something and then compares the result with the result obtained from doing the same thing to something else, or something else to the same thing.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/j/jamesnewma201667.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 James Newman}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The traditional mathematician recognizes and appreciates mathematical elegance when he sees it. I propose to go one step further, and to consider elegance an essential ingredient of mathematics: if it is clumsy, it is not mathematics.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/e/edsgerdijk204346.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Edsger Dijkstra}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 There should be no such thing as boring mathematics.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/e/edsgerdijk204343.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Edsger Dijkstra}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Thus, in a sense, mathematics has been most advanced by those who distinguished themselves by intuition rather than by rigorous proofs.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/f/felixklein215688.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Felix Klein}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Today's scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments, and they wander off through equation after equation, and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/n/nikolatesl401270.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Nikola Tesla}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 We are servants rather than masters in mathematics.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/c/charlesher317533.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Charles Hermite}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 We in science are spoiled by the success of mathematics. Mathematics is the study of problems so simple that they have good solutions.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/w/whitfieldd323652.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Whitfield Diffie}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 We've lost something that's been with us for so long, and something that drew a lot of us into mathematics. But perhaps that's always the way with math problems, and we just have to find new ones to capture our attention.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/andrewwile230484.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Andrew Wiles}}
\f0\b\fs26  
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Well, some mathematics problems look simple, and you try them for a year or so, and then you try them for a hundred years, and it turns out that they're extremely hard to solve.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/a/andrewwile230456.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Andrew Wiles}}
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 You can not apply mathematics as long as words still becloud reality.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/h/hermannwey172572.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Hermann Weyl}}\
}